fix(curriculum): replace D.O.B. acronym in accessibility quiz (#54829)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/614396f7ae83f20ea6f9f4b3.md

# --description--

The `.sr-only` text is still visible. There is a common pattern to visually hide text for only screen readers to read. 

This pattern is to set the following CSS properties:

```css
position: absolute;
width: 1px;
height: 1px;
padding: 0;
margin: -1px;
overflow: hidden;
clip: rect(0, 0, 0, 0);
white-space: nowrap;
border: 0;
```

> Use the above to define the `sr-only` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the above to define the `.sr-only` CSS rule.
```
